[AWS]: Restructure, minimalize doc (#128)
SUSE/ha-sap-terraform-deployments: aws/terraform_salt/README.md

## AWS Public Cloud deployment with terraform and Salt

- [quickstart](#quickstart)
- [highlevel description](#highlevel-description)
- [advanced usage](#advanced-usage)
- [specification](#specification)

# Quickstart

> 0) `mv terraform.tfvars.example terraform.tfvars`

Reviewer: I'm not sure why one will start a list with 0 instead of 1 :confused: also the proper markdown representation of ordered list is 1. and not 1) https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/ this is important for the indentation of the text below or any sub items.

Author: it is computer habits :grin:  I can change it to 1. I like also personally 0 but I don't mind :grin:

Author: done thx

> 1) generate private and public keys for the cluster nodes with

Reviewer 2: I would suggest making each step **bold** to highlight it for the reader trying to follow these steps.

Author: yep

Author: or **yep**

Author: done

```
mkdir provision/hana_node/files/sshkeys; ssh-keygen -t rsa -f provision/hana_node/files/sshkeys/cluster.id_rsa
```

The key files need to have same name as defined in [terraform.tfvars](terraform.tfvars.example)

2) Adapt saltstack pillars:

>   Choose one profile, among the list. (in this example we choose `cost_optimized`)

Author: yes, but I wanted to give a pragmatic example for the quickstart. If the user want to know more , he can follow the link

  * from root top-level dir:

> `cp pillar_examples/aws/cost_optimized/*  salt/hana_node/files/pillar`

Reviewer 2: The path does not exist, but the cost optimized scenario is available and tested for the Cloud Providers too. I think we need an Issue here to include pillar examples for these scenarios for all the providers too.

> `cp pillar_examples/aws/cost_optimized/*  salt/hana_node/files/pillar`

Author: from root top-level dir, it mean the user should be in directory root three level, so then https://github.com/SUSE/ha-sap-terraform-deployments/tree/master/pillar_examples/aws

> `cp pillar_examples/aws/cost_optimized/*  salt/hana_node/files/pillar`

Author: we have the pillar examples files,

> `cp pillar_examples/aws/cost_optimized/*  salt/hana_node/files/pillar`

Reviewer: sorry I missed this one. I'm not sure if I understood what you mean here. I mean from root top-level dir, that path doesn't exist.

> `cp pillar_examples/aws/cost_optimized/*  salt/hana_node/files/pillar`

Author: ah right. true, let me remove the `cost_optimizied` dir thx

3) Configure API access to AWS

A pair of AWS API access key and secret key will be required;

there are several ways to configure the keys:

- env. variables

```
$ export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="<HERE_GOES_THE_ACCESS_KEY>"
$ export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="<HERE_GOES_THE_SECRET_KEY>"
$ export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION="eu-central-1"
$ terraform plan
```

- Credential file

Configure the values for the access key and the secret key in a credentials file located in `$HOME/.aws/credentials`. The syntax of the file is:

```
[default]
aws_access_key_id = <HERE_GOES_THE_ACCESS_KEY>
aws_secret_access_key = <HERE_GOES_THE_SECRET_KEY>
region = eu-central-1
```

This file is also used by the `aws` command line tool, so it can be created with the command: `aws configure`.

**Note**: All tests so far with this configuration have been done with only the keys stored in the credential files, and the region being passed as a variable.

4) Deploy with: 

```
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

Destroy the created infrastructure with:

```
terraform destroy
```

# Highlevel description

> The terraform configuration create the infrastructure needed for installation of a SAP HanaSR cluster with Suse Linux Enterprise Server for SAP Applications in *AWS*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The terraform configuration creates the infrastructure needed for the installation of an SAP HANA cluster in System Replication mode, combined with the high-availability capabilities provided by the SUSE Linux Enterprise Server for SAP Applications in *AWS*.
```

Reviewer 2: @MalloZup I think you missed this suggestion, or don't you agree with it?

The infrastructure deployed includes:

- A Virtual Private Cloud
- A local subnet within the VPC
- A security group with rules for access to the instances created in the subnet. Only allowed external network traffic is for the protocols: SSH, HTTP, HTTPS, and for the HAWK service. Internally to the subnet, all traffic is allowed.
- An Internet gateway
- A route table with its corresponding associations.
- EC2 instances.

By default it create 3 instances in AWS: one for support services (mainly iSCSI as most other services - DHCP, NTP, etc - are provided by Amazon) and 2 cluster nodes, but this can be changed to deploy more cluster nodes as needed.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, the salt provisioning can be configured to deploy single SAP HANA instances, SAP HANA instances with System Replication enabled or the SUSE SAP HANA cluster based on the SAPHanaSR resource agent.
```

Reviewer 2: @MalloZup Was marked as resolved but I didn't see any change...

Author: i think by mistake I overlooked :grin:  doing

- [keys.tf](keys.tf): definition of key to include in the instances to allow connection via SSH.

- [network.tf](network.tf): definition of network resources (VPC, route table, Internet Gateway and security group) used by the infrastructure.

- [instances.tf](instances.tf): definition of the EC2 instances to create on deployment.

- [salt_provisioner.tf](salt_provisioner.tf): salt provisioning resources.

- [salt_provisioner_script.tpl](../../salt/salt_provisioner_script.tpl): template code for the initialization script for the servers. This will add the salt-minion if needed and execute the SALT deployment.

- [outputs.tf](outputs.tf): definition of outputs of the terraform configuration.

- [remote-state.sample](remote-state.sample): sample file for the definition of the backend to [store the Terraform state file remotely](create_remote_state).

- [terraform.tfvars.example](terraform.tfvars.example): file containing initialization values for variables used throughout the configuration. **Rename/Duplicate this file to terraform.tfvars and edit the content with your values before use**.

> ##### Variables

Reviewer: using 5 # (#####) make it look like a bold text and not a section

>  In the file [terraform.tfvars](terraform.tfvars.example) there are a number of variables that control what is deployed. Some of these variables are:

Reviewer: In [terraform.tfvars](terraform.tfvars.example) would be much simpler and more readable

Author: yop
